Add new async_loading field in INFO command (#1686)
redis/redis-doc: commands/info.md

Here is the meaning of all fields in the **persistence** section:

*   `loading`: Flag indicating if the load of a dump file is on-going

> *   `async_loading`: To differentiate from the blocking loading - Added in Redis 7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   `async_loading`: Currently busy loading replication data-set asynchronously while serving old data. This means `repl-diskless-load` is enabled and set to `swapdb`. Added in Redis 7.0.
```

Reviewer 2: LTGM, one suggestion: maybe drop the word "busy", (not to be confused with `-BUSY` error).
the text "currently loading..." would be enough..
